Add Arduino guide (#103)
Sensirion/embedded-sgp: docs/sgp40_voc_index/arduino.rst

SGP40 on Arduino Platforms
==========================

> This guide describes how to get the new sgp40 working on arduino

Reviewer: It'll likely not stay new ;)

```suggestion
This guide describes how to get the sgp40 gas sensor working on Arduino
```

platforms. It offers a step by step guide to get basic funcionality working.

Preperation
-----------

> First of all note that the most commenly used Arduino boards have a logic level of 5v but the

Reviewer: For all instances, Volt uses a capital V symbol. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volt

SGP40 can only run on 3.3v and lower. We offer two sugsestions how to solve this. First you could

> use a level shifter board to connect your SGP40, alternitivly you could use one of the few Arduino 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use a [level shifter](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Level_shifter) to connect your SGP40, alternatively you could use one of the few Arduino 
```

maybe we can provide a link to a shifter board?

> boards which run on 3.3v. For this guide we did the later and used the Arduino Nano 33 BLE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
boards which run at 3.3v. For this guide we did the later and used the Arduino Nano 33 BLE.
```

In general I'd use less prose to have more "meat".. maybe

"The SGP40 only runs at Voltages between 1.6V - 3.6V. Solutions include
* Using a level shifter
* Using a board like the Arduino Nano 33 BLE that runs at 3.3V"

To flash the Arduino Board with a program you need to download and install the Arduino IDE. 
You can find guides how to do that on the Arduino Webpage:
Windows: https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/Windows 
Linux: https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/Linux
Mac OS: https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/MacOSX

Connecting the Sensor
---------------------

Your sensor has the four different connectors: VCC, GND, SDA, SCL.
Now you need to connect the sensor to the correct pins on your board. To find out

> which pins are the correct ones cunsult the pinout of your sepesific board. You

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which pins are the correct ones consult the pinout of your specific board. You
```

can find these on the Arduino website. Look for SDA to connect the sensors SDA pin, 

> for SCL to connect the SCL pin, GND for the GND pin and a 3.3v supplie for the VCC pin. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for SCL to connect the SCL pin, GND for the GND pin and a 3.3v supply for the VCC pin. 
```

page (https://github.com/Sensirion/embedded-sgp/releases).
Unpack the `.zip` file and navigate into the resulting directory. Click on the `.ino` file, 
this should start the Arduino IDE and open the project. If it doesn't work start the Arduino
IDE, in the top bar click on File, Open... , navigate to the unziped folder and open the 
`.ino` file. 

For most 3.3v boards you need to install an additional package to be able to flash them via the 
Arduino IDE. This is done selecting Tools, then Boards and last Boards Manager.
Then you can type the name of your board in the search bar and install the upcoming package.

|Boardmanager|

Now you only need to upload the code to your board. Connect your Arduino board with your computer
using an usb cable. Then you'll need to select the entry in the Tools, Board menu that corresponds 
to your Arduino board. Finaly you also need to select the right port where your Arduino is conected. 
For this navigate to Tools, Port and select the one inicating that your board is connected there
(name of your board at the end in brackets). If no port is indicating that a board is connected 

> it's likely to be COM3. To now upload your code to your board click the arrow icon in the top lefthand corner. 

Reviewer: ...looks like this line is too long

--------------------

To look at the senor data open the serial monitor by navigating to Tools, Serial Monitor. 
If everything worked fine and your Arduino is still connected you now should see the messuring 
data of the Sensor. 

::

    VOC Index: 132
    Temperature: 28.41degC
    Relative Humidity: 40.68RH
    VOC Index: 129
    Temperature: 28.32degC
    Relative Humidity: 40.54RH
    VOC Index: 127
    Temperature: 28.25degC
    Relative Humidity: 40.59RH
    VOC Index: 125
    Temperature: 28.30degC
    Relative Humidity: 40.89RH
    VOC Index: 124
    Temperature: 28.33degC
    Relative Humidity: 41.57RH
    VOC Index: 124
    Temperature: 28.35degC
    Relative Humidity: 42.17RH
    VOC Index: 124
    Temperature: 28.26degC
    Relative Humidity: 41.92RH
    ...

Troubleshooting
---------------

Initialization failed
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  Check if you connected the sensor correctly, so all cables are fully
   pluged in and connected to the correct header.
-  Check if you have enabled I2C on the Raspberry Pi. For this redo the
   steps on "Enable the I2C interface in the Raspberry Pi config" in the
   guide above.

VOC Index is zero
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> For the first 100 iterations it is always zero, so just wait a little. 

Reviewer: Explain why, people will be curious to know.

```suggestion
During the initialization phase of the VOC Index algorithm, which is the first 100 iterations, the VOC Index is hardcoded to zero.
```

Author: I did know either ...
